feat(blueprint): add community contributions page (#41)
devsecblueprint/devsecblueprint: docs/community/index.md

---
id: community
title: Community
description: Discover projects and articles inspired by DevSec Blueprint
sidebar_position: 5
---

> ## DevSec Blueprint Community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DevSec Blueprint (DSB) Community Landing Page
```

> This page highlights various blog posts, projects, and content created by community members who were inspired by DevSec Blueprint. We're proud to share these inspired contributions that demonstrate the positive impact of our project on the DevSecOps community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page highlights various blog posts, projects, and content created by community members who were inspired by the DevSec Blueprint (DSB). We're proud to share these inspired contributions that demonstrate the positive impact of our project on the DevSecOps community.
```

## Share your inspired content

> Have you created a project or article inspired by DevSec Blueprint? We'd love to add it to this page!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you created a project or article inspired by the DSB? We'd love to add it to this page!
```

### Use our submission form

You can submit your article or project using our Google Form:

<a href="https://forms.gle/cBbaLGRqcJj1ET" target="_blank" className="button button--primary">Submit Your Contribution</a>

You can also join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/enMmUNq8jc) to discuss your inspired content with the community.

## Articles and publications

> Here's a selection of articles, posts, and publications that mention or are inspired by DevSec Blueprint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a selection of articles, posts, and publications that mention or are inspired by the DSB:
```

| Author        | Title                | Link                                                                                                                                                                     | Date       |
| ------------- | -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- |
| Ouail Ozennou | "DevSecOps Pipeline" | [LinkedIn Post](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/ozennou_devsecops-cicd-infrastructureascode-activity-7285679711353991169-2d-l?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop) | April 2024 |

## Community Impact

We are constantly inspired by how our community uses DevSec Blueprint to learn, teach, and innovate in the field of application security. Each inspired content strengthens our mission to make DevSecOps learning accessible to everyone.

> If you are using DevSec Blueprint in your learning or professional journey, don't hesitate to share your experience with us!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the DSB in your learning or professional journey, don't hesitate to share your experience with us!
```
